
# Meeting Minutes
**Team:** Bug Busters   
**Project:** Campus Events & Ticketing (SOEN 341 â€“ Fall 2025)  
**Sprint:** 1  
**Meeting #:** 1  
**Date:** September 15, 2025  
**Time:** 4:15 pm  
**Location:** In the LAB  

---

### 1. Attendees [Name, Student ID, GitHub Username]
- Muhammad Haris, 40232227, Harryjee7
- Spencer Toupin, 40259693, SpenyT
- Liam Handfield, 40300383, Doula
- Jeremy de Passorio Peyssard, 40271747, JeremDePass
- Mattia Vergnat, 40276164, martin0024
- Conrad Tcheuffa, 40269674, Conradtch07
- Nigel Kyle Arintoc, 40281248, Nigelkyle21
- Zein Rammal, 40282083, ZeinRam

---

### 2. Agenda
1. Discuss project objectives and setup  
2. Define core features  
3. Decide on repo setup  
4. Plan user stories  
5. Assign responsibilities  

---

### 3. Discussion Points
- **Website Layout:** Draft reviewed  
- **Core Features:** Student, Organizer, Admin roles defined  
- **Repo Setup:** GitHub repo with README and subfolders  
- **User Stories:** Prefix US.#  
- **Tasks:** Prefix Task.#  

---

### 4. Decisions Made
- Proceed with draft layout  
- Repo to be created
- README to be drafted  

---

### 5. Action Items
| Task | Responsible | Deadline |
|------|-------------|----------|
| Create GitHub repository | Sept 16, 2025 |
| Draft README with project description + team info | Sept 17, 2025 |
| Define user stories in GitHub Issues | Whole Team | Sept 18, 2025 |
| Break down tasks and assign | Whole Team | Sept 18, 2025 |
| Meeting Minutes # 1 | Sept 18, 2025 |

